HIGH LEVEL FEEDBACK
 
1. Be neutral in the language and throughout the survey- nothing should suggest that we prefer one type of answer rather than other. Doing so will lead the respondent toward answering in the direction he/she considers is good for us. For instance, the title of the survey "Why Not Open Science?" and the narrative as presented tend to suggest that we are inclined toward Open Science. Can we be less passionate about it and less judgemental in the way we approach the survey.

2. Code questions as much as possible - keep open in order to avoid influencing the responses
The rule for coding: if we are clear about the potential response, it is better to code as much as possible, this will ease the data analysis. In the other hand, some of the questions should be open, particularly the questions where we are trying to get an opinion. For these questions we may influence answer by providing a list of answers. I made more specific suggestion below. 

3. Keep the survey short and easy- people are very busy if you can just focus on the most important questions - trade-off between nice to know and must know based on your research assumptions. 

4. Do we need to replicate the same survey: if similar survey has already been conducted what else do you expect to learn that has not been covered by that survey?

5. Related to the previous point, are your assumption supported by a literature review? Have we identified if similar studies were conducted? What are the gap identified by the literature and how can we further investigate these

6. It's good practice to number the questions this will help particularly to reference them during feedback process and data analysis.

7. Advantage/Disadvantage questions in the survey: these are great - but you may want to ask first a YES/NO to whatever they think there are advantages and disadvantages and then filter

8.  You can improve the user friendliness of the questionnaire by filtering questions based on answer provided to previous questions.
